protecting your family is your number
one priority
iciclombard presents the perfect plan
for you the family Shield plan is
comprehensive flexible unique it covers
more to protect more
some of the key features of this plan
are infectious disease benefit
personal accident benefit flexibility
family policy discount tenure and
renewal discount the Infectious Disease
benefit can be very helpful as various
illnesses have become more common now it
provides for coverage against specific
vector-borne diseases rabies and tetanus
gastrointestinal infections viral and
nervous infections personal accident
benefit is a key factor for protection
it covers death and disabilities
adventure sports broken bones and
children's education grant this plan
offers you what you need you can opt for
any one or more base benefits under one
or more sections you will be eligible
for the base benefits and or extensions
if premium has been picked what's more
multiple add-on covers to choose from
are available too this plan offers you a
tenure and renewal discount too you can
get a policy term of up to three years
with long-term discount
you also get a five percent renewal
discount the renewal premium must be
paid on or before the policy expiry date
or within 30 days
that's not all you get a family policy
discount of up to 7.5 percent too
give your family the protection they
deserve and give yourself a hassle-free
claim experience too with icic and
Lombard's family Shield plan you are our
priority